Minor editorial changes to clarify use of Z (#43)
ietf-wg-sedate/draft-ietf-sedate-datetime-extended: draft-ietf-sedate-datetime-extended.md

handicapped by the fact that {{ISO8601}} does not actually allow `-00:00`.

Implementations that needed to express the semantics of `-00:00`
therefore tended to use `Z` instead.

This specification updates RFC3339, aligning it with the actual

> practice of interpreting the offset `Z` to mean the same as`-00:00`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
practice of interpreting the offset `Z` to mean the same as `-00:00`:
```

> "the time in UTC is known, but the offset to local time is unknown".

Reviewer: Hmm.  There may not even be a "local time".
Maybe:

```suggestion
"the time in UTC is known, but no offset to a local time is given".
```

handicapped by the fact that {{ISO8601-2000}} does not actually allow `-00:00`.

Implementations that needed to express the semantics of `-00:00`

> therefore tended to use `Z` instead.

Reviewer 2: It might be worth, above, (line 349ish) describing the convention in 2822 and 5322 (both section 4.3, obsolete date-time forms).  That convention allows for out-of-band information to confirm the use of Z meaning +0000, while saying that otherwise Z should be interpreted as -0000.  We need, here, to overtly countermand or restate that provision for out-of-band information to make Z mean +0000.

From the de facto use of Z to mean -00:00 alluded to below, I infer that the out-of-band provision is not one known to be widely exercised, paving the way for the default reading of Z to become standard.

Reviewer: The convention is described in Section 3.3 of 2822/5322.  Section 4.3 also mentions it, but that is using that convention, not defining it.

This specification updates {{Section 4.3 of RFC3339}}, aligning it with the actual

> practice of interpreting the offset `Z` to mean the same as`-00:00`:

Reviewer 2: Again, perhaps worth noting RFC 3522 (&c.)'s de facto support of this position.

Reviewer: What we came up with does not have any relation to what 5322/5322bis are saying, because they do not use the same date format and therefore do not have the problem that is being solved here.

As per {{Section 4.3 of RFC3339}} as updated by {{update}}, IXDTF
timestamps may also forego indicating local time information in their
{{RFC3339}} part by using `Z` instead of a numeric time zone offset.
The IXDTF timestamps in {{example-consistent}} (which represent the same
instant in time as the strings in {{example-inconsistent}}) are not
inconsistent because they do not assert any particular local time nor
local offset in their {{RFC3339}} part.
Instead, applications that receive these strings can calculate the
local offset and local time using the rules of the time zone suffix,
such as Europe/London in the example below.

    2022-07-08T00:14:07Z[!Europe/London]
    2022-07-08T00:14:07Z[Europe/London]
{: #example-consistent title="No inconsistency in IXDTF timestamps"}

Note that `-00:00` may be used instead of `Z`, because they have the

> same meaning according to {{update}}, but `-00:00` is incompatible

Reviewer: We are using very specific wording elsewhere, I think we should do that here, too (and reference `{{ISO8601-2000}}`).

Author: OK, I replaced "ISO-8601" with "{{ISO8601-2000}}".  Was there another change you wanted to see to this text here?

Reviewer: I replaced "incompatible with" with "not allowed by".
